Add instructions how to use nf-core 'branding' when only using parts of nf-core template/code etc (#821)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/developers/adding_pipelines.md

To avoid problems at a later date, please come and discuss your plans with the nf-core community as early
as possible. Ideally before you make a start on your pipeline!

> > In some cases you may wish to not make your workflow an official nf-core pipeline. However, as all nf-core code is under a MIT license, you may still wish to use the nf-core template and/or use components of nf-core code. If so, please see guidance on how to do so [here](/developers/tutorials/unofficial_pipelines.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Not all pipelines are suitable for inclusion in the main nf-core community (eg. bespoke or proprietary workflows). However, we hope that you may still wish to use the nf-core template and/or use components of nf-core code. All nf-core code is under a MIT license and where possible we have endeavoured to make the tools work with any Nextflow pipeline. If this is the case foe you, please see the [unofficial pipelines tutorial](/developers/tutorials/unofficial_pipelines.md) for more details.
```

> > Not all pipelines are suitable for inclusion in the main nf-core community (eg. bespoke or proprietary workflows). However, we hope that you may still wish to use the nf-core template and/or use components of nf-core code. All nf-core code is under a MIT license and where possible we have endeavoured to make the tools work with any Nextflow pipeline. If this is the case foe you, please see the [unofficial pipelines tutorial](/developers/tutorials/unofficial_pipelines.md) for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Not all pipelines are suitable for inclusion in the main nf-core community (eg. bespoke or proprietary workflows). However, we hope that you may still wish to use the nf-core template and/or use components of nf-core code. All nf-core code is under a MIT license and where possible we have endeavoured to make the tools work with any Nextflow pipeline. If this is the case for you, please see the [unofficial pipelines tutorial](/developers/tutorials/unofficial_pipelines.md) for more details.
```
